Is it (***)
Stories or books? ohh
Camping the hut?
Never heard of the movie. I'm historian.
Ha ha ha
Mm
Curious George. Oh
that long i mean how long the curious juice is ago yeah
Oh really? Okay.
The classic curious judge was Moon or something.
oh thereThat drawing. ahhh
huh ha
hha ha I thought the first book that came to my mind was a never-ending story
What?
huh ha ha ha ha yeah
Yeah, of course. one two
yeah Never ending story. No, after the movie.
ha ha ha Elementary school?
yeah
Big head is flowing.
The falcon?
no falcon the white dragon ha ha ha
It's coming up this year
I'm not sure how good it is
Oh (***)
ha ha
ha ha ha
Ending is a payback for the movie.
Payback time for the bullies
Yeah, so the Falcon comes to the New York and
Yeah, chase the bullies and they they they were putting that
the big garbage can. So that was the end.
ha ha ha
I don't think so. I don't remember how they end.
huh ha ha ha
Yeah, movie was so  (***) so...
I think so.
Yeah, you can finish reading.
ha ha ha
Maybe this new one will...
Be the new ending.
yeah maybe yeah
Very, very good movie, huh? It was. Amazing movie.
huh ha ha ha ha
yeah they They rode, yes, yes. That's right.
yeah It was a very strange movie.
ha ha ha
and the princess was so cute that's why I loved it
Yeah, she did.
yeah
I don't know how to say in English her name, the princess.
i I know in Japanese
The Childhood. (***)
Oh, you do too? It's Osanagokoro no Kimi. Yay!
huh ha ha ha
yeah
oh